DOCS-1285: Document Micro-RDK supported models (#2072)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/micro-rdk/movement-sensor/_index.md

---
title: "Micro-RDK Movement Sensor Models"
linkTitle: "Movement Sensor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "Movement Sensor support in the micro-rdk."
images: ["/icons/components/imu.svg"]
tags: ["movement sensor", "components", "micro-rdk"]

> # SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
```

Author: Done

---

## Configuration

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of Movement Sensor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of movement sensor:
```

> The micro-RDK currently supports the following models of Movement Sensor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configuration information, click on one of the supported movement sensor model name:
```

Author: Done

<!-- prettier-ignore -->

> | Model                             | Description                                                                                         |

Reviewer 2: Looks like prettier got to it before the ignore was put in, if you care to delete the extra lines and spaces :D

Author: done!

| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`accel-adxl345`](accel-adxl345/) | The [Analog Devices ADXL345](https://www.analog.com/en/products/adxl345.html) digital accelerometer |
| [`gyro-mpu6050`](gyro-mpu6050/)   | A gyroscope/accelerometer manufactured by TDK InvenSense                                            |

## API

> The [Movement Sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:
```

> The [Movement Sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api) is limited to the following supported client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The micro-RDK [movement sensor API](/components/movement-sensor/#api) supports only the following client SDK API methods, which operate the same as in the full-featured RDK:
```

Author: Done

---
title: "Micro-RDK Movement Sensor Models"
linkTitle: "Movement Sensor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "Movement Sensor support in the micro-rdk."
images: ["/icons/components/imu.svg"]
tags: ["movement sensor", "components", "micro-rdk"]
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
---

## Configuration

> For configuration information, click on one of the supported movement sensor model name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For configuration information, click on one of the supported movement sensor model names:
```
Or perhaps more succinctly:
```suggestion
For configuration information, click a supported movement sensor model name:
```

Author: Done

---
title: "Micro-RDK Movement Sensor Models"
linkTitle: "Movement Sensor"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
description: "Support in the micro-RDK for movement sensors, sensors that measure location, kinematic data, or both."
images: ["/icons/components/imu.svg"]
tags: ["movement sensor", "components", "micro-rdk"]
no_list: true
# SMEs: Nick M., Gautham V.
---

A movement sensor is a sensor that gives data on where a robot is and how fast it is moving.

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/RDK/), see the [Movement Sensor component](/components/movement-sensor/).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Movement Sensor component](/components/movement-sensor/).
```

> For more information and models supported by [the RDK (features provided by the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see the [Movement Sensor component](/components/movement-sensor/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information and models supported by [the RDK (the full version of `viam-server`)](/internals/rdk/), see [Movement Sensor Component](/components/movement-sensor/).
```
[opt]
